---
layout: single
title: "King Bob"
date: 2021-09-17 20:00:00 -04:00
author_profile: true
header: 
  image: assets/images/working.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: [**Nick Fithen**](https://unsplash.com/photos/Y125COCWeuQ)"
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
categories: [Personal, School]
---

"Banana!" — King Bob

## Man vs Manim

I learned how to use the *3Blue1Brown* Python visualization package over the Yom Kippur day off of school. I decided to just be productive because I thought it would be interesting. 

I completed two small projects, which you can see below. 

### Spinning Arrow

Here is a video of a circle turning into an arrow and then rotating. The tranformation animations that Manim has just seem like magic. 

{% include video id="HjQho4b_PVU" provider="youtube" %}

### King Bob

Recently, I've found the minions to be pretty funny in a partially ironic way. Their behavior reminds me of my baby cousins just messing around. Anyway, here is a basic drawing of a minion just using some circles and a rectangle. 

{% include video id="-vbRsH8E6VA" provider="youtube" %}

## A Great Question

In this world there are probably three kinds of questions:

1. Dumb questions
2. Good questions
3. Great questions

Someone named C had a great question in math class yesterday. There are two other people in the class who have great potential like C. If they had greater determination, they could do great things. This was manifested as they were learning about compound inequalities, C asked, "I don't mean to be rude, but when are we ever going to use this (applications)?"

I really like this question, because I think in the same way about things. It is easy to discount the value of mathematical ideas because they don't immediately appear to be useful when there is a surface-level understanding of it. In another class, I did not understand anything concrete about autonomous differential equations because I didn't really get the reason why they exist or how they exist for a purpose. However, after a short summary, the ideas floating around as brain goo started to solidify into jello. It seems like the solutions can all be translated left and right to make a new solution, and between each critical point indvar=c the solutions have to be monotonic. That alone was enough justification for me, but our friend C needed some examples of applications.

The one I came up with was using inequalities to make a ball bounce off of a wall in a video game once it crossed the position of the wall. That example actually isn't exactly "everyday life," but he said that it was very smart. So, I guess he was satisfied with that answer. However, at a fundamental level, inequalities can be used to represent domains and ranges, and define what should and should not be possible. It's easy to think of examples directly in STEM, but outside of that, everything has to lead back to STEM ideas. 